I am a red dot indian from india and I live in india. I was born in india.
I am 39 years old.
I have a red dot on my forehead.
I live in a small camper in india.
I am a min·i·mal·ist.
Some times I use the letters CMC to represent me. I have another name I use. It's charles macintosh click.
I have $43,000,000,000,000 in my bank account some where in the world.
I know a lot of people from America.
I have black hair and hazel eyes.
I drive a small car.
I wear basic clothes.
My name is Gengis Khan.
I know a lot of women. 
I love porn stars.
I love all the races in the world.
I love all the LGBTQ.
I consider myself bi more than anything.
I love all the 7 wonders of the world!
I respect all the relgions of the world.
I know a lot of blonde hair blue eyed women, but they come to me at first, and in the end they don't even care about me, but I do still love them. There is one blonde headed blue eyed women I care about. She lives in india. She has been my doctor before. She is some kind of clinical doctor or something. Her name starts with a K and ends with an S last name. She is very good at what she does. That's all I got to say about her now. She's around, I say, I would pretty much die for her if I had to. I think about her alot. I hope she just understands me,
she seems like she been nervous or scared of me. She has two kids. She has a good education. Pretty much, 
she knows who she is. I think she had a hard life in some way. I really don't know. But I hope the best for her all together! I just pretty much wanted a kid from her. I would pretty much get her any thing she ever
wished for.

I know that blonde hair women and blue eyes are gold diggers and are some of the best liers in the world.
Blonde headed women are the best in the porn industry.

I know that blonde hair green eyed women are rare.
They are very good at porn. They take it to the extreme!
I want to geneticaly engineer blonde headed green eyed women and men.
I love listening to music.
I love kids.
I have a lot of people around the world that works for me. I have people to run my websites.
Some people just own my websites for me. They use their own name to represent my companies on the internet.
I get other people to contact them for me. I like to stay hid from everybody in the world.
I been all around the world. Everybody knows my name everywhere in the world.

But that's all I got to say for now. Thanks!

This woman I love, all she is to me is Bella! She has an anger problem like me. She can get very pissed off! She likes to be known as being smart as hell! Yeah, she really did superb in college, and yeah, she deserves to own a business and do her thing. Hell, that's what she knew. She knew all about what people is about, it's like she could read any body by looking at them. Hell, I called her some of the worst names I could call her, and I'm very sorry, and I do truely mean it from my heart! I just still want to get you things you really want! I feel like for sure one thing you want. It's some kind of special car! I really wonder what kind it would be. It's probabyly might be a kind a car I really want also. But it will be here one day when god grants the wish! I just believe she wants to be all above and no body wants to give her that title. But I do! Some the things I said to her in the past, I wished I didn't even say to her in the first place. I was just trying to get to know her. I never meet a woman like her. This woman is always on my mind or somewhere in it all the time, I can never figure her out! I do truely admit that, really, nobody can figure her out. I mean, she has a lot going for her.  I consider her like the queen of the world! Yeah, she knows who I am. It really don't take her long to figure shit out! All I ask of her, is not to reveal herself! She will know the time to reveal her self! Cause everything she talks about, and when she does, everybody will pretty much trust her, and pretty much do what she says if they really like her. Hell, if she told me to jump so high I would do it for her. She always seemed like the boss. I mean, she could get anybody to do anything she wanted except me one time. And I told her what I thought, and that really got pissed off. I did one more thing she didn't like and she said I wrote some mean stuff about her. But if she really saw what I wrote in the first place, it was all good. I just like her name and a heart and saying like, I loved her or by her name. And I mean, put some other things she could read, and I was just trying to make history more than anything, and prove who I was at the time. I mean one guy or black guy got pissed off at her. I mean she wanted me to help her. And I did the best I could, I mean, hell, if I had to  fight him, I would of fought him, but I was just trying to play it safe. I mean I found her on facebook one time under a different name. I was very surprissed that I found her under that name. I mean, hell I would love to have a just a one on one conversation with her. But she does not work that way for some reason. I believe she wants some kind of drugs to do with me maybe, I really don't know. I mean, hell I would support her drug habits, I know she probably done some cocaine or maybe another kind I mentioned to her. I just wonder about the other kind I did mention to her. When I told her about the kind of cocaine, she like's you do some "***" cocaine. And that kind of cocaine is reperesented in three letters to represent some kind of colth I wore. Some body told me that the colth gave me confidence in what I do. This person was in the military. He is very intelligent. He knows a lot about the USA government. I mean, hell, he is the first one that told me about like something about chips or implants in your hand. I really won't get into the details of that, but he knows who he is. I just didn't know he knew this woman that I know some kind of way. He makes me think of me in some kind of way. It was like three of us there at the time when would carry on about things. He is a good guy, I mean, hell he all supported all my beliefs and thoughts. He acted like he cared about people and he wanted something in life. Maybe he wants a red lambo. Hell, I really don't know. And maybe he just wants to get payed a little more for what he think he deserves. Me and him talked about lambo cars, he is from italy or I think his family is from italy. He lives in America.  This woman that I love would be the only one to figure out that kind of code or encryption about the cocaine I mentioned. I mean. I knew she like gay men. I mean, I felt like she talked to them some kind of way, I mean, hell, I just didn't know the way she talked them. I mean, I felt like I was gay like them. I just would be gay as fuck just to get her. Hell, I wouldn't mine having sex with a gay dude. I just believe this women I liked that I'm talking about would like to watch me have some gay sex with a guy more than anything. It's like all the gay dudes would always sit by me when she would be maybe looking at me or when I had my head down or she would be staring at me when I didn't know it. I mean hell, I know this women kind a likes to talk about me with her friends and say some bullshit about me without me even knowing it. It's like one time one of her friend told me what I would do to her if we even had sex. I was very surprised by what the person said, and that's probably true. She would probably like it, I really don't know. But if she really got what she wanted out of the deal in the end, she wouldn't even give a shit at all. I mean, hell, what she had on her body and the things that she had in her nose gave off like she didn't care what happen in sex in some kind of way. She wouldn't even mind. And yes, I'm sorry for talking about you one time in a very bad sexual way about your rings and stuff on different parts of your body. I think you have some very sexy tatoos! I do love all the girls like you that has tattoos. I mean. I would probably get one to. Hell, it don't matter! It's like some things she didn't really understand about me. I just know she is a 666 in some kind of way. I know you can't touch her and she is highly intelligent at getting away in trouble. I mean hell, she impresses me so much! I mean, at first I really thought about her kids and the things she wanted to do for them more than anything. I mean at the time when she was talking about her kids, I really wanted to help her at the time. I mean, hell I love kids as much as her. Really at the time when I knew her I felt like she was struggling in some kind of way. It's like I have had bad life also. But what I didn't understand about her, is why does she always like these kind of guys that like to talk about things that relate to money and intelligence in some way when these guys she is talking to, truely they didn't know shit about money or even about intelligent things to talk about in the first place. Hell, they love doing any kind drug or whatever was offered to them. I mean, they pretty much would eat some of the shitest food I ever saw in my life.

 All I got to say about the guys, was their brains was pretty much fried like hell on fucking goddamn drugs more than anything. They all acted like fucking goddamn zombies more than anything. I mean, hell, I just didn't like saying shit around them in the first place. I just wonder about why didn't you even give me a chance by some the things I gave you. I mean, hell, if they truely didn't even amount to anything at the time, why did you say you didn't want them. I was just trying to connect with you on the stuff I knew at the time. I mean I was just trying in my way to be nice to you. I mean at the time, I just wished you would of thought of me of a person at the place I was at, or whatever you thought and said you wonder why I am there in the first place. I mean, hell, a lot places I been trapped in my life. I went to school and got a great education. I mean I done very well in school. You pretty much, sounded like you sailed right through school very easily and had the life you wanted. But me, I did some of the things I wanted, but on the weekends, it was like being in hell, putting up with somebody like satan drinking alcohol, and being in an environment where I was powerless even if I tried to do anything, cause even when some times I tried to do something about the situation I was punished for no reason, and when the fight or tramua was over with for the night, I had to stay at the place at the time and just make it where I had to, because, I was in the place cause the way my family done me, and the way I was at the time, people didn't want to hang out with me or be my friend. At the time, I always tried to love eveybody even if they didn't have shit to their name and I still do now, and I will always do that, some of the best people in my family did that same thing in some way to get where they are at now, I mean, that's the way you should do even if you do have it all. And every body loved me for it. I mean, I didn't have the richest goddamn friends in the world. I mean, other people I knew really worked that way,  like girls in school, or the rich ass goddamn friends that claimed to be the biggest goddman christians in the world, and pretty much I hated them, They all treated me like shit and always took advangage of me in some way. Pretty much, these motherfuckers always made some of the best grades in school. I mean most of them was like honor students and that kind of bullshit. I really don't see them motherfuckers today. They was doing all kinds of drugs and doing any kind of fucking thing they could to do just to get away with something if they tried. I mean I still think you should be trying to love everybody when you get an idea when, you think they are poor and then get fucking turned off by it. I mean, hell, a lot people don't become poor cause they fucking want to so goddamn bad, I mean, they pretty much get fucked by the people they might want to work for or be around sometimes and in the end, they don't even give a shit about being so fucking goddamn rich in the first. The people in the world that even got fucking so goddamn rich was pretty much fucking rich snooty motherfuckers, or bitches that even didn't give a damn about anybody except their self in the first place, hell these people won't admit this shit in your fucking godddamn face, they pretty much keep it a fucking goddamn secret in the back of their fucking goddamn mind. You told one guy that, I knew him, you know, I mean, me and him was kind of buddies in some way. I mean, you acted like you liked him better than me, I mean, you acted like you took up for him. And then I just truly believe the way he was acting around me and the things he did and say to me didn't add up. He kind a, related to my dad in some way. This guy knew my family. I mean, I felt like this guy had some hidden problems from everybody that nobody didn't even know. When me and him was together, he told me like something, the doctors done him wrong in the first place. But I just really wonder about the deal. It's like his personality and his attitude about where he was at the time just matched him perfectly, really he told me like i'm going to rot in here. And the motherfucker sounded just like my dad in some kind of way. I been very close to death because of my dad. It was pretty much over a girl that I cared for in the first place, the fucking girl I took up for didn't care for me in the first place, and the fucking bitch ain't even worth fighting for or dying for in the first place. She's just a fucking goddamn slut. But that's all I got to say. I just want you to give me a chance. But you will see me one day. That's all I got to say. Hope you have a great day. And I hope the things come to you that you wish for!
